database: update exercise 1 instructions and add a template (#59)
Soypete/WebServices-in-3-weeks: database/README.md

## Exercise 1

> In your server project, add your prefered database driver and connect to the database in the main function (if you missed day one's exercises or have them in a different location use the [ex-1-connection/main.go](ex-1-connection/main.go)). After you can connected and verified your connection, explore the database. Make sure to query the database's users table and handle the error.Try running `SELECT`, `INSERT`, and `UPDATE` statements

Author: ```suggestion
In your server project, add your preferred database driver and connect to the database in the main function (if you missed day one's exercises or have them in a different location using the [ex-1-connection/main.go](ex-1-connection/main.go)). After you have connected and verified your connection, explore the database. Make sure to query the database's users table and handle the error. Try running `SELECT`, `INSERT`, and `UPDATE` statements
```

### Follow up questions:

> * what kind or package organization would make sense for organizing your database logic?

Author: ```suggestion
* what kind of package organization would make sense for organizing your database logic?
```
